AFTER THAT SITUATION ROOM
LEADER.
LET'S LISTEN IF WE CAN.
>> ALL THREE OF THOSE THINGS ARE
NEEDED TO MAKE A LAW.
ONE PARTISAN VOTE IN THE HOUSE
TOMORROW WON'T SOLVE ANYTHING.
I MADE IT CLEAR TO THE SPEAKER
WE ARE NOT INTERESTED IN HAVING
SHOW BOATS HERE IN THE SENATE.
WE ARE INTERESTED IN BRINGING UP
SOMETHING 60 SENATORS WILL
SUPPORT AND THE PRESIDENT WILL
SIGN.
IN OTHER WORDS, MAKE A LAW.
THE LEGISLATION AND HOUSE
DEMOCRATS ARE REPORTEDLY
PLANNING TO INTRODUCE AND BE
VOTED ON TOMORROW WOULD NOT BE A
SERIOUS CONTRIBUTION TO THE
NEGOTIATIONS THAT ARE GOING ON
BETWEEN THE ADMINISTRATION AND
THE IN COMING DEMOCRATIC
MAJORITY IN THE HOUSE.
IT'S NOT COMP SENSITIVE.
-- COMPREHENSIVE.
IT IGNORES THE NEED OF BORDER
SECURITY.
IT'S WHAT YOU WOULD EXPECT IF
THE DEMOCRATS WERE GOING TO
STAGE A SIDESHOW RATHER THAN
DOING THE HARD WORK OF GOVERNING
THE COUNTRY.
NERD, A  -- IN OTHER WORDS A
TOTAL NON-STARTER.
THEY WILL MAKE LAWS OR WASTE
TIME ON SHOWBOATING THAT WILL DO
NOTHING?
THAT'S THE QUESTION.
POLITICAL PERFORMANCE OR
RESPONSIBLE GOVERNANCE.
WE WILL GET A SIGNAL IN THE NEXT
FEW DAYS.
LET ME MAKE IT PERFECTLY CLEAR
ONE MORE TIME AS I SAID FOR THE